.TH usnic_devinfo 1 "" 
.SH NAME
.PP
usnic_devinfo - Simple utility to list information about usnic
interfaces
.SH SYNOPSYS
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
usnic_devinfo\ -h
usnic_devinfo\ [OPTIONS]
\f[]
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The usnic_devinfo utility can be used to query information about
available Cisco usNIC interfaces.
The usnic_devinfo utility can filter based on device name and can
provide either a summary, or a detailed information listing about each
interface.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\f[I]-b\f[] : Instead of showing all information about an interface,
show only a brief summary.
.PP
\f[I]-d\f[] : Specify the local device by name or number.
usNIC interfaces are named following the pattern usnic_X where X is a
non-negative integer.
This option accepts either the full name or the number after the usnic_
prefix.
.SH USAGE EXAMPLES
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ usnic_devinfo\ -d\ usnic_0
\f[]
.fi
.PP
Show information about the device named "usnic_0".
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ usnic_devinfo\ -d\ 0
\f[]
.fi
.PP
This form is the same as the example above; it will display information
about the device named "usnic_0".
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ usnic_devinfo\ -d\ usnic_2\ -b
\f[]
.fi
.PP
Display brief information about the device named "usnic_2".
.SH OUTPUT
.PP
By default, the full information is displayed:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ usnic_devinfo\ -d\ 0
usnic_0:
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Interface:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ eth1
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ MAC\ Address:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 58:ac:78:f2:84:e8
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ IP\ Address:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 10.10.10.2
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Netmask:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 255.255.0.0
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Prefix\ len:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 16
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ MTU:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 9000
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Link\ State:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ UP
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Bandwidth:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 40\ Gb/s
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Device\ ID:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ UCSC-PCIE-C40Q-03\ [VIC\ 1385]\ [0x014d]
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Vendor\ ID:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 4407
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Vendor\ Part\ ID:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 207
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Firmware:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 4.1(1d)
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ VFs:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 64
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ CQ\ per\ VF:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 6
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ QP\ per\ VF:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 6
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Interrupts\ per\ VF:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ 6
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Max\ CQ:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 384
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Max\ CQ\ Entries:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 65535
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Max\ QP:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 384
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Max\ Send\ Credits:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 4095
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Max\ Recv\ Credits:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 4095
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Capabilities:
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ Map\ per\ res:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ yes
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ PIO\ sends:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ yes
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ CQ\ interrupts:\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ no
\f[]
.fi
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ usnic_devinfo\ -d\ 0\ -b
\ usnic_0:\ \ eth1\ 58:ac:78:f2:84:e8\ \ \ \ \ 10.10.10.2/16\ \ \ VIC\ 1385\ \ \ \ 4.1(1d)\ \ \ UP
\f[]
.fi
.SH AUTHORS
Cisco Systems Inc.
